Update manual mdm migration guide (#10963)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/MDM-migration-guide.md

# Migration

This section provides instructions for migrating your hosts away from your old MDM solution to Fleet.

## Requirements

1. A [deployed Fleet instance](../Deploying/Introduction.md)
3. [Fleet connected to Apple](./MDM-setup.md)

## Preparing to migrate manually enrolled hosts

1. [Enroll](./Adding-hosts.md) your hosts to Fleet with [Fleetd and Fleet Desktop](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/adding-hosts#including-fleet-desktop) 
2. Ensure your end users have access to an admin account on their Mac. End users won't be able to migrate on their own if they have a standard account.

> 3. In your old MDM solution, unenroll the desired hosts. MacOS does not allow multiple MDMs to be installed at once.

Reviewer: > If my mac is manually enrolled, could I, as the end user, click the minus sign when I'm about to migrate?

Yes, this works too.

> we can avoid a gap in coverage.

I'm assuming you mean the gap in time when a Mac is enrolled to MDM. Adding "click the minus" to the end user instructions is a good idea. 

Note that the "Turn on MDM" banner on the My device page (provides button to download enrollment profile)  won't show up until the end user completes these steps:
1. Click minus icon
2. On My device page, refetch

> 3. In your old MDM solution, unenroll the desired hosts. MacOS does not allow multiple MDMs to be installed at once.

Author: I decided not to mention the minus sign path... too much to explain

> 3. In your old MDM solution, unenroll the desired hosts. MacOS does not allow multiple MDMs to be installed at once.

Reviewer: Makes sense to me. I think we can come back to this ( I suspect we hear that the gap in coverage is a huge migration pain point)

    2. In ABM, assign these hosts' MDM server to Fleet: In ABM, select **Devices** and then select **All Devices**. Then, select **Edit** next to **Edit MDM Server**, select **Assign to the following MDM:**, select your Fleet server in the dropdown, and select **Continue**.
5. In your old MDM solution, unenroll these hosts. MacOS does not allow multiple MDMs to be installed at once. 

Once the above steps are completed, the end user now needs to complete a few steps. The **My Device** page in Fleet Desktop will present end users with instructions to turn on MDM. 

Fleet has created [these guided instructions](#instructions-for-end-users) that can be shared with your end users.

## FileVault recovery keys

_Available in Fleet Premium_

In Fleet, you can enforce FileVault (disk encryption) to be on. If turned on, hosts’ disk encryption keys will be stored in Fleet. Learn how [here](./MDM-macOS-settings.md#disk-encryption).

If your hosts did not have disk encryption turned on under the old MDM, there is no migration action needed. When you turn on disk encryption, the host will be encrypted and the key will be escrowed to Fleet automatically.

> If the host had disk encryption turned on under the old MDM, disk encryption will be turned off for your macOS hosts until they are enrolled to Fleet and MDM is turned on for these hosts. Your end users will need to take an action to reset their disk encryption key for Fleet to be able to store the key. 

Author: I don't fully understand this line. To me, it reads as if: If I have filevault turned on under the old MDM, then my Mac will become unencrypted when I migrate to Fleet. It will only be encrypted again once I turn FileVault back on via Fleet. 

However, my understanding is that the Mac hard drive would continue to be encrypted. But Fleet will not have access to the key. Fleet can only catch a key if you reset filevault. I think this is different from what is described here. Which is it?

> If the host had disk encryption turned on under the old MDM, disk encryption will be turned off for your macOS hosts until they are enrolled to Fleet and MDM is turned on for these hosts. Your end users will need to take an action to reset their disk encryption key for Fleet to be able to store the key. 

Reviewer: > If your hosts did not have disk encryption turned on under the old MDM, there is no migration action needed. When you turn on disk encryption, the host will be encrypted and the key will be escrowed to Fleet automatically.

We should change this. We learned this is not true. The end user still has to logout or restart their Mac to turn on disk encryption.

> If the host had disk encryption turned on under the old MDM, disk encryption will be turned off for your macOS hosts until they are enrolled to Fleet

We should also change this. We learned this is not true.

Here's my proposed update for the two highlighted sections (replace with this):

```
If your old MDM solution enforced disk encryption, your end users will need to reset their disk encryption key for Fleet to be able to store the key. The My device page in Fleet Desktop will present users with instructions to reset their key. Share [these guided instructions](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/mdm-migration-guide#how-to-turn-on-disk-encryption) with your end users.
```

> my understanding is that the Mac would continue to be encrypted. But Fleet will not have access to the key anymore. So you need to reset filevault in order for Fleet to catch a key.

This is correct

> If the host had disk encryption turned on under the old MDM, disk encryption will be turned off for your macOS hosts until they are enrolled to Fleet and MDM is turned on for these hosts. Your end users will need to take an action to reset their disk encryption key for Fleet to be able to store the key. 

Author: I tried again, lmk what you think.

> If the host had disk encryption turned on under the old MDM, disk encryption will be turned off for your macOS hosts until they are enrolled to Fleet and MDM is turned on for these hosts. Your end users will need to take an action to reset their disk encryption key for Fleet to be able to store the key. 

Author: I tried again, lmk what you think.

> If the host had disk encryption turned on under the old MDM, disk encryption will be turned off for your macOS hosts until they are enrolled to Fleet and MDM is turned on for these hosts. Your end users will need to take an action to reset their disk encryption key for Fleet to be able to store the key. 

Author: I wanted to be more explicit for the IT Admin about what they should expect end users to have to do.

> If the host had disk encryption turned on under the old MDM, disk encryption will be turned off for your macOS hosts until they are enrolled to Fleet and MDM is turned on for these hosts. Your end users will need to take an action to reset their disk encryption key for Fleet to be able to store the key. 

Reviewer: Left a comment about this here: https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/10963#discussion_r1160280337

5. In your old MDM solution, unenroll the hosts to be migrated. MacOS does not allow multiple MDMs to be installed at once.
6. Send [these guided instructions](#instructions-for-end-users) to your end users to complete the final few steps via Fleet Desktop.
    * Note that there will be a gap in MDM coverage between when the host is unenrolled from the old MDM and when the host turns on MDM in Fleet.

## FileVault recovery keys

_Available in Fleet Premium_

When migrating from a previous MDM, end users need to take action to escrow FileVault keys to Fleet. The **My device** page in Fleet Desktop will present users with instructions to reset their key. 

To start, enforce FileVault (disk encryption) and escrow in Fleet. Learn how [here](./MDM-macOS-settings.md#disk-encryption). 

After turning on disk encryption in Fleet, share [these guided instructions](#how-to-turn-on-disk-encryption) with your end users.

If your old MDM solution did not enforce disk encryption, the end user will need to restart or log out of the host.

> If your old MDM solution did enforce disk encryption, the end user will need to reset their disk encryption key by inputting their password, then restarting or logging out of the host. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your old MDM solution did enforce disk encryption, the end user will need to reset their disk encryption key by following the prompt on the My device page and inputting their password. 
```

End user actually doesn't have to logout in this case. Up to you if we want to be more explicit about where the end user will do the pwd resetting (My device page)

Author: I think that's great.

> 2. On your **My device** page, follow the disk encryption instructions in the yellow banner. If you don’t see the **Turn on MDM** button, select the purple **Refetch** button at the top of the page. If you still don't see the **Turn on MDM** button after a couple minutes, please contact your IT administrator. If the **My device page** presents you with an error, please contact your IT administrator.

Author: This text should be about turning on filevault, rather than turning on MDM, but before I do that, I realized that we may be missing some states? Like what was the state that Rachael reported? https://fleetdm.slack.com/archives/C019FNQPA23/p1680645009610739?thread_ts=1680638583.735539&cid=C019FNQPA23

Reviewer: Following up on Rachael's reported state in that Slack thread: https://fleetdm.slack.com/archives/C019FNQPA23/p1680703647396059?thread_ts=1680638583.735539&cid=C019FNQPA23
